Help with bereavementIf you’ve lost someone in your business or who operated a business account, we’re here to help make the process of sorting out the finances as simple and straightforward as possible. Should the worst happen you can rely on us to give you guidance and support when you need it most.
We’ll answer any questions you may have, explain the next steps you need to take and guide you through the process of how best to deal with the business accounts.
SupportIf a Will is in placeyou’ll need to inform the Executors immediately as they have responsibility for dealing with the Estate, including advising any financial institutions and managing any property.If Lloyds Bank is appointed Executorthen please contact our Estate Administration Support Team on0800 056 0171.They’ll be able to help you with:Administration of the EstateApplying for Grant of ProbateAdministering the Estate when the Executors cannot act, or if there is no Will in place.Where Lloyds Bank is the Executor under the Willthere is no need to speak to anyone else.
Business bereavement documentationTo help us deal with the matter as quickly as possible we’ll ask you to give us some documents. If a business can’t continue trading with the same business account, or is being closed as a result of the death, we’ll give you a Bereavement form which you’ll need to complete and return.Alternatively, you can download a copy:£0-£3m business account turnover bereavement form (PDF, 205KB).£3m-£25m business account turnover bereavement form (PDF, 214KB).We’ll also ask you for:An original or certified copy of the death certificate.Proof of your identification or confirmation of your account details if you hold an account with us.Depending on the business type, we may possibly ask for some additional documentation. We’ll let you know if this is the case.We’ll usually only need to see the Grant of Probate or equivalent document if the value of the accounts is more than £50,000. This document may not be immediately available to you but we’ll need to see the original or a certified copy when you have access to it.
Sending documentation to usIf you’re a Lloyds Bank customeryou can take the completed bereavement form and documents into your local branch. If required the branch will copy and certify the document(s) for you.If you’re not a Lloyds Bank customeryou can still bring all documents directly into a branch but we’ll ask for evidence of your identification.If you are unable to get to a branch or would prefer to post the documents to us, you can send them to:Lloyds BankBusiness BankingBX1 1LTPlease send us the original death certificate or a copy which has been certified and stamped by a solicitor or a notary public. We will return any originals to you. All documents would be sent at your own risk, so we would highly recommend that you use a secure method of delivery to post them.
Personal accounts onlyIf the deceased also held personal accounts with us you may wish to make an appointment with a branch colleague who will be happy to give you support and help you complete the relevant documentation. If you’d like to make an appointment at your local branch please call0800 015 0012.If the deceased had accounts and products with other parts of Lloyds Banking Group, in the majority of cases you only need to report the death once and we’ll notify the relevant departments on your behalf.For additional information, including a full list of the companies we are able and unable to notify, please refer to theFinancial Services after a Bereavement guide (PDF, 2.8MB)..
Further support
Frequently asked questionsexpandable section1. Will the account be suspended?If the holder of a Sole Trader account has passed away, the account will be suspended.Accounts for a Limited Company with multiple directors will remain operational unless we are advised otherwise by the representative, or if we need to reassess our security over any debt owed to us by the company.All other account types will be assessed on an individual basis. The Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to understand the next steps.2. What will happen to direct debits and standing orders?If the holder of a Sole Trader account has passed away, all direct debits and standing orders will be stopped.For accounts connected to a Limited Company with multiple directors, the payments will continue while the account remains active, unless we are advised otherwise by the representative or if we need to reassess our security over any debt owed to us by the company.All other account types will be assessed on an individual basis. The Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to understand the next steps.3. What do I need to do if the business has existing lending?We’ll work with you to deal with any outstanding lending and explain all possible options.4. What happens to the credit/charge cards on the account?Any outstanding balance on Sole Trader or Limited Company Sole Director accounts will need to be repaid by the available funds in the business account or the estate. However, if there are no funds available within the accounts or estate we’ll work with you to resolve the matter.For Limited Companies with multiple directors or Limited Liability Partnerships, any credit/charge cards on the account in the name of the deceased would need to be cancelled. If there are multiple card holders in the name of the company, then the facility should continue. The Relationship Manager assigned to your case or a member of our team will be able to give you all the information you need.All other account types will be assessed on an individual basis.5. What does the term ‘certify’ mean?When a document is certified it is officially confirmed as being genuine or a true copy. Documents are usually certified by a solicitor or notary public. If you take the original document(s) into branch, a member of staff will be happy to make a copy and certify it for internal use within Lloyds Banking Group.6. Do I need to worry about Inheritance tax?Depending on the size of the estate and who the beneficiaries are there may be a liability to pay Inheritance Tax.You can contact your local tax office directly or visit theHMRC website.7. What if there is a Will?If the person who has died leaves a Will, the person(s) named as Executors act as representatives of the person who has died. The Executors take legal responsibility for carrying out the instructions in the Will, and dealing with the money and property, known as the estate.If the Bank is appointed Executor please contact the Bank’s Estate Administration Support Team on0800 056 0171.Where the Bank is the Executor under the Will there is no need to speak to anyone else.8. What if there isn’t a Will?If the person who has died has not left a Will this is called ‘intestate’. The law sets out who should inherit the estate. You may need to apply for authority to be the administrator of the estate. The administrators will act as personal representatives of the person who  has died and take legal responsibility of the estate. If unsure, please seek legal advice.9. I need help with administering the EstateThe Bank’s Estate Administration Support Team will be able to offer support and guidance regarding the administration of the Estate. This includes applying for Grant of Probate, administering the Estate when the Executors cannot act or if there is no Will in place. For further advice, please contact the team on0800 056 0171. Alternatively, you can find out more information by watching ourEstate Administration Service video.Fraud awarenessIf you have any concerns about fraud or want to find out more about steps you can take to stay secure online, please see ourOnline Security advice.Additional support available to youIf you have any questions that aren’t already covered in this list of Frequently Asked Questions and you know the number of the Relationship Manager for the business account, please contact them directly.Alternatively, you can contact a Business Manager on0345 072 5555who will be happy to help.If you are calling from abroad, you can contact us on+44 173 3347338.External support available to youFor further support and guidance, there are several external organisations that will be able to support you during this difficult time. A list of these companies can be found within theFinancial Services after a Bereavement guide (PDF, 2.8MB).How we can helpexpandable sectionWe realise how difficult a time this can be, so we’ll be available to offer support when you need it. Our guide below explains how we can help:Sole TradersSole Trader accounts are referred to our Specialist Bereavement Support Unit who will liaise directly with you while they are handling the case.Any Sole Trader accounts, where the account holder has passed away, will be suspended.Limited Company Sole DirectorLimited Company Sole Director accounts will be assessed on an individual basis. The Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to understand the requirements and operation of the accounts in the future.Limited Company with multiple directorsIf the Limited Company has multiple full power signatories, the Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to help you understand the requirements and operation of the accounts going forward.Clubs, Charities and Societies (CC&S) and TrustsIf there are multiple full power signatories, the Relationship Manager or a member of our team will arrange for the relevant documentation to be sent to you to update the signatory details on the account(s).Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs)In the case of Limited Liability Partnerships, the Relationship Manager or a member of our team will help you understand the requirements and operation of the accounts going forward.PartnershipsIn the case of Partnerships, the Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to understand the requirements and operation of the accounts going forward.Getting in touchexpandable sectionIf you have the telephone number of the Relationship Manager for the business account, please contact them directly.Alternatively, you can contact a Business Manager on0345 072 5555who will be happy to help.If you are calling from abroad please call us on+44 173 3347338.
1. Will the account be suspended?If the holder of a Sole Trader account has passed away, the account will be suspended.Accounts for a Limited Company with multiple directors will remain operational unless we are advised otherwise by the representative, or if we need to reassess our security over any debt owed to us by the company.All other account types will be assessed on an individual basis. The Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to understand the next steps.2. What will happen to direct debits and standing orders?If the holder of a Sole Trader account has passed away, all direct debits and standing orders will be stopped.For accounts connected to a Limited Company with multiple directors, the payments will continue while the account remains active, unless we are advised otherwise by the representative or if we need to reassess our security over any debt owed to us by the company.All other account types will be assessed on an individual basis. The Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to understand the next steps.3. What do I need to do if the business has existing lending?We’ll work with you to deal with any outstanding lending and explain all possible options.4. What happens to the credit/charge cards on the account?Any outstanding balance on Sole Trader or Limited Company Sole Director accounts will need to be repaid by the available funds in the business account or the estate. However, if there are no funds available within the accounts or estate we’ll work with you to resolve the matter.For Limited Companies with multiple directors or Limited Liability Partnerships, any credit/charge cards on the account in the name of the deceased would need to be cancelled. If there are multiple card holders in the name of the company, then the facility should continue. The Relationship Manager assigned to your case or a member of our team will be able to give you all the information you need.All other account types will be assessed on an individual basis.5. What does the term ‘certify’ mean?When a document is certified it is officially confirmed as being genuine or a true copy. Documents are usually certified by a solicitor or notary public. If you take the original document(s) into branch, a member of staff will be happy to make a copy and certify it for internal use within Lloyds Banking Group.6. Do I need to worry about Inheritance tax?Depending on the size of the estate and who the beneficiaries are there may be a liability to pay Inheritance Tax.You can contact your local tax office directly or visit theHMRC website.7. What if there is a Will?If the person who has died leaves a Will, the person(s) named as Executors act as representatives of the person who has died. The Executors take legal responsibility for carrying out the instructions in the Will, and dealing with the money and property, known as the estate.If the Bank is appointed Executor please contact the Bank’s Estate Administration Support Team on0800 056 0171.Where the Bank is the Executor under the Will there is no need to speak to anyone else.8. What if there isn’t a Will?If the person who has died has not left a Will this is called ‘intestate’. The law sets out who should inherit the estate. You may need to apply for authority to be the administrator of the estate. The administrators will act as personal representatives of the person who  has died and take legal responsibility of the estate. If unsure, please seek legal advice.9. I need help with administering the EstateThe Bank’s Estate Administration Support Team will be able to offer support and guidance regarding the administration of the Estate. This includes applying for Grant of Probate, administering the Estate when the Executors cannot act or if there is no Will in place. For further advice, please contact the team on0800 056 0171. Alternatively, you can find out more information by watching ourEstate Administration Service video.Fraud awarenessIf you have any concerns about fraud or want to find out more about steps you can take to stay secure online, please see ourOnline Security advice.Additional support available to youIf you have any questions that aren’t already covered in this list of Frequently Asked Questions and you know the number of the Relationship Manager for the business account, please contact them directly.Alternatively, you can contact a Business Manager on0345 072 5555who will be happy to help.If you are calling from abroad, you can contact us on+44 173 3347338.External support available to youFor further support and guidance, there are several external organisations that will be able to support you during this difficult time. A list of these companies can be found within theFinancial Services after a Bereavement guide (PDF, 2.8MB).
We realise how difficult a time this can be, so we’ll be available to offer support when you need it. Our guide below explains how we can help:Sole TradersSole Trader accounts are referred to our Specialist Bereavement Support Unit who will liaise directly with you while they are handling the case.Any Sole Trader accounts, where the account holder has passed away, will be suspended.Limited Company Sole DirectorLimited Company Sole Director accounts will be assessed on an individual basis. The Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to understand the requirements and operation of the accounts in the future.Limited Company with multiple directorsIf the Limited Company has multiple full power signatories, the Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to help you understand the requirements and operation of the accounts going forward.Clubs, Charities and Societies (CC&S) and TrustsIf there are multiple full power signatories, the Relationship Manager or a member of our team will arrange for the relevant documentation to be sent to you to update the signatory details on the account(s).Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs)In the case of Limited Liability Partnerships, the Relationship Manager or a member of our team will help you understand the requirements and operation of the accounts going forward.PartnershipsIn the case of Partnerships, the Relationship Manager or a member of our team will work with you to understand the requirements and operation of the accounts going forward.
If you have the telephone number of the Relationship Manager for the business account, please contact them directly.Alternatively, you can contact a Business Manager on0345 072 5555who will be happy to help.If you are calling from abroad please call us on+44 173 3347338.
*You will need a smartphone running iOS or Android. The app is not compatible with some older versions of the operating systems – check the App Store or Google Play for more details. Terms & Conditions Apply.While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure that the information provided is correct, no liability is accepted by Lloyds Bank for any loss or damage caused to any person relying on any statement or omission. This is for information only and should not be relied upon as offering advice for any set of circumstances. Specific advice should always be sought in each instance. Lloyds Banking Group includes companies using brands including Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland and their associated companies. More information on Lloyds Banking Group can be found at lloydsbankinggroup.com.
Important Legal InformationCalls may be monitored or recorded in case we need to check we have carried out your instructions correctly and to help improve our quality of service.The products and services outlined on this site may be offered by legal entities from across Lloyds Banking Group, including Lloyds Bank plc and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. Lloyds Bank plc and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc are separate legal entities within the Lloyds Banking Group.Lloyds Bank is a trading name of Lloyds Bank plc, Bank of Scotland plc and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. Lloyds Bank plc. Registered Office: 25 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7HN. Registered in England and Wales no.2065. Bank of Scotland plc. Registered Office: The Mound, Edinburgh EH1 1YZ. Registered in Scotland no. SC327000. Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. Registered office 25 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7HN. Registered in England and Wales no. 10399850. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority under registration number 119278, 169628 and 763256 respectively.We adhere to The Standards of Lending Practice which are monitored and enforced by the LSB:www.lendingstandardsboard.org.uk.Eligible deposits with us are protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). We are covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS). Please note that due to FSCS and FOS eligibility criteria not all business customers will be covered.
