Make payments with confidenceConfirmation of Payee helps keep your business and money safe.When you make Faster Payments or CHAPS payments to a person or business for the first time, we check the account details with their bank. This helps:ensure your money gets to the right placeprotect you from fraudThis is calledConfirmation of Payee.The details we check with their bank are:The name on the accountThe account numberThe sort codeAccount type – to confirm if it’s a personal or business accountReference – some accounts require a reference to identify who the account belongs to.  You’ll be asked to provide this if needed.How does it work?When you make a payment for the first time, we’ll check the name that you enter against the actual name on the account. You’ll see one of five messages:Match– the name check has been successful. You can make the payment.Partial match– the name you have entered doesn’t completely match. We’ll tell you the correct name held on that account. If you’re happy with this, you can make the payment, or edit the details.No match– the name you have entered is not the same as the name held on that account. Please contact the person or business you’re paying to check. If you’re happy that the details are correct, you can make the payment but we may not be able to get the money back if it goes to the wrong account.Reference not found–  the reference that you entered has not been found.  Your payment may not go to the right account if you use this reference.  And we may not be able to get your money back.  So please check the reference on the bill or statement and change if needed.  Only continue if you’re sure this reference is right.Some accounts may not be able to be checked and you will be advised if we cannot check the account.How does it affect people who are paying me?It’s important that you give people who are paying you name, as well the sort code and account number. For example, check that you’ve put the correct name on invoices you send to your customers.   If they use a name that doesn’t match, they may have problems when trying to pay you.How do I avoid a ‘No match’ or ‘Partial match’?Use the full name of the person or business when you first make a payment to them. Check their invoice to make sure you’ve got all their account details right.Frequently asked questionsAre name checks also made on payments from my personal account?expandable sectionFind out how we check names forpayments from your personal accounts.Why is it important I get the payee details correct?expandable sectionIt’s important that you don’t send money to the wrong place as we may not be able to get it back. So it’s always worth checking with the person or business you’re sending money to that the account details are correct.Which types of payments are affected?expandable sectionWe'll only check names on Faster Payments, including standing orders, and CHAPS payments.Are payments I’ve made before subject to the name check?expandable sectionIn Online for Business, payments to people or companies already in your recipient list aren’t checked unless the account you are paying requires a reference to identify the account owner. A new check is carried out if the reference is changed.If you use Commercial Banking Online, find out more about Confirmation of Payee by clicking on the Help icon and search for Confirmation of Payee.Who should I contact if I get a ‘no match’?expandable sectionYou should always contact the person or business you’re trying to pay, to check the details that you have are correct. You need the name that’s held on the account to get a successful match.How can I check what my account name is?expandable sectionIt’s the business name shown on your bank statement. You’ll also see it when you log on to Online for Business or Commercial Banking Online.Was this helpful?YesNo
No
