Deposit cheques in the Business Mobile Banking appYou can deposit your cheques in the Business Mobile Banking app, to find out how follow our step by step guide below.Deposit cheques wherever you areYou can now deposit cheques into your business account using the ‘Deposit Cheque’ feature on our Business Mobile Banking App. It’s simple, secure and can save you time.Straightforward – the app takes a photo of the cheque and ‘reads’ the detailsQuick and convenient – you can do this from the office or on the move and the money should clear in just two working daysSecure – once accepted, the cheque is processed just like paying it in at a branchDownload our Business Mobile Banking App to use the Deposit Cheque feature.Visit ourMobile Banking pagefor more information on the Lloyds Bank Business Mobile Banking App.How to pay in cheques using our Business Mobile Banking appStep 1In the Business Banking Mobile App select the three dots on the account tile for the account you want to pay the cheque into.Step 2Then select ‘Deposit cheque & view deposit history.’Step 3Enter the exact value of the cheque. To keep track of where the money is from, or what it’s for, you can choose to add a reference.Step 4Tap ‘Front of cheque’ to take a photo.Step 5If asked, ‘allow’ access to your camera to take a photo by selecting ‘OK’.Step 6Lay the cheque on a flat surface with a dark background. Hold the camera level and directly above. When a green border appears, hold still and the app will take the photo.Step 7Tap ‘Back of cheque’. Repeat the process for the reverse of the cheque – even if it’s blank.Step 8Review the details and if correct simply tap ‘Confirm’.Step 9That’s it, you’ve deposited your cheque. Tap view deposit history to see when the money will be available.Some important things to bear in mind:Once the cheque is accepted, mark the back of the cheque as 'deposited' until its status reads ‘Funds available’ in ‘Deposit History’ within the ‘Cheques’ section of the app. Then destroy the cheque(s) - tearing or shredding are good ways to do this securely.There are limits to the amounts on individual cheques and the total value of cheques you can pay in each day - these will be clearly displayed in the app.The ‘History’ tab is a good place to view cheques paid in previously.If a cheque is rejected please do not try to pay it in with the app again - the reason for rejection will be shown in ‘History’, within the ‘Cheques’ section of the app.Pay in a cheque – frequently asked questionsWhat's the maximum amount I can deposit by cheque in the app?expandable sectionThere are two limits for cheque deposits in the app.Single cheque limit:£5,000Daily total:£5,000What is cheque imaging?expandable sectionIt’s a way to pay in cheques using your mobile device. The app uses your device camera to capture images of the cheque and ‘reads’ the details to pay the money into your account. It’s simple, convenient and secure – and can save you a trip to a branch.How long does it take to deposit the cheque?expandable sectionFunds will normally be available in your account at the end of the next working day. So, if you deposit a cheque before 10pm on a normal weekday, that’s classed as the first working day. Your money will be available by the end of the following working day.What cheques can I deposit using the Business Mobile Banking app?expandable sectionYou can deposit most types of cheque accepted by UK banks and in pounds sterling. This includes UK Government Payable Orders, postal orders, banker’s drafts and Building Society cheques – but not traveller’s cheques, bank giro credits and various non-standard cheques. If we don’t accept a particular type of cheque, the app will tell you when you try to take the image.Still need help?expandable sectionTo get you to the right place, we just need to check a few details with you.Other ways to get in touchWe don’t charge you for the Mobile Banking app but any applicable account transaction charges will still apply. You should also check with your mobile operator as they may charge you for certain services such as downloading or using the app. You will need a smartphone running iOS or Android.The app is not compatible with some older versions of the operating systems – check the Apple App Store or Google Play for more details. Business Internet Banking registration required. Services may be affected by phone signal and functionality. Use of Mobile Banking is subject to our Business Internet Banking Terms and Conditions.Was this helpful?YesNo
Step 2Then select ‘Deposit cheque & view deposit history.’
Step 5If asked, ‘allow’ access to your camera to take a photo by selecting ‘OK’.
Step 8Review the details and if correct simply tap ‘Confirm’.
No
