Getting started with the Business Mobile Banking appFind out how to get your mobile device registered for our business mobile app in 3 simple steps.When you download and open the app you'll need to register your device. This creates a secure link between your device and your Internet Banking profile.You’ll only need to do this once for each device, and it takes just a few moments. After that you can safely and securely log on using your fingerprint or Face ID on compatible Apple and Android devices or three characters from your memorable information.Play button, click to open video playerPopup windowCloseRegister for Internet BankingYou need to be registered for Internet Banking to register your device for Mobile Banking.If you don’t already use Internet Banking, you canregister online.3 simple steps to register your device1. Log onOpen the app. After the welcome screens, log on using your Online for Business username and password. If you have a personal account with Lloyds Bank these will be the same log on details.If you have recently changed your mobile phone you will need to re-register your device.2. Memorable InformationThen enter three characters from your memorable information.If you don’t have memorable information set up, you can identify yourself using your card and reader. You’ll then need to set up memorable information within the app.3. Complete device registrationFollow the onscreen instructions and use your card and reader to complete device registration.Once complete, you’ll be asked how quickly you want to be logged off from the app when your device remains inactive – this is for security purposes.That’s it! You’re now ready to access your business accounts on the move. Registering your device with your card and reader has created a secure link between your mobile device and your Internet Banking profile. You can log onto the app using your fingerprint or face on compatible devices, or with three characters from your memorable information.Download our Business Mobile Banking appBefore you can download the app you will need to be registered for Online for Business, register now.If you’re not reading this on your mobile select "Get the app" and we'll send an SMS to your mobile with a link to download the app.Get the appFrequently asked questionsWhat is auto log off?expandable sectionIt’s a security measure that prevents you from accidentally leaving your bank accounts open on your mobile device. You'll be logged off automatically after a period of inactivity during your current mobile banking session. You can select how long this is in the app’s Settings.How do I log off the app?expandable sectionThe app will automatically log you off after your device remains inactive for the period of time you selected during setup. To manually log off, select the Settings icon on the top right of the screen, followed by Log off.Are my password and memorable information the same as those I use on my computer?expandable sectionYes, your user ID, password and memorable information are the same on all your devices. If you don’t yet use memorable information, you’ll be asked to set it up the first time you use the app.If you also have personal accounts with Lloyds Bank, your logon details will be the same as for your personal accounts.How far back can I view transactions on my accounts in the app?expandable sectionYou can view up to seven years of transactions for business current and savings account.For other products, this may be different.If I lose my mobile phone, could someone else access my accounts?expandable sectionMentor Black BusinessMentor Black BusinessMentors can help make the difference between success and struggle, especially for Black business owners. In partnership with Mentor Black Business, we have committed to connecting 100 colleagues with Black-owned businesses to provide support across a 6 month period to help the businesses progress.Find a mentorIf you lose your mobile, no-one can log on to your app without your memorable information. But you should always call us immediately so we can de-register your device.Call us on0345 300 0116, Lines are open 8am – 8pm, seven days a week.Not all Telephone Banking services are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.You can call us using Relay UK if you have a hearing or speech impairment. There's more information on theRelay UK help pages.Sign Video servicesare also available if you’re Deaf and use British Sign Language.Still need help?expandable sectionCall usCall us on0345 300 0116.We’re open 8am – 8pm, seven days a week.Not all Telephone Banking services are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.Was this helpful?YesNoOur Mobile Banking app is supported by devices running iOS or Android. The app is not compatible with some older versions of the operating systems – check the App Store or Google Play for more details.If your phone has been subjected to unauthorised modifications (e.g. jailbroken or rooted) the app will not be compatible with your device.Android/Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc. Apple, the Apple logo, Touch ID and Face ID are trademarks of Apple Inc, registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.It may be unlawful to use some Internet and Mobile Banking services in some countries. Please check before you travel. Services may be affected by phone signal and functionality.We don’t charge you for Mobile Banking but your mobile operator may charge you for certain services such as downloading or using the app, so please check with them. You will need a smartphone running iOS or Android. The app is not compatible with some older versions of the operating systems – check the Apple App Store or Google Play for more details. Business Internet Banking registration required. Services may be affected by phone signal and functionality. Use of Mobile Banking is subject to our Business Internet Banking Terms and Conditions.
2. Memorable InformationThen enter three characters from your memorable information.If you don’t have memorable information set up, you can identify yourself using your card and reader. You’ll then need to set up memorable information within the app.
No
